hey Ron travis cafard here at the
all-star event in LA with covers
presented by HCC eSports I'm joined
right now by power of evil underneath
the bright lights of the LCS sign in
front of the NA LCS studio where you'll
soon be competing in the regular season
but right now are competing an all-star
so first off what's it like for you to
be here at the all-star event but
obviously it's a great honor to
represent Europe and Germany in
all-stars and it's like the first time I
get voted in I feel like the last times
there was no opportunity or shorts
because of ex back and Alex each and
they were just like two huge of like fan
bases and play us so it was my first
time I like a huge chance of doing it
and I'm really happy of getting it here
the first time let's talk a little bit
about some of the stuff that's been
going on behind the scenes around the
voting thing so I understand people kind
of upset about the fact that you ended
up in North America after they voted you
here if you made a reddit thread about
it which also was controversial so now
that a couple days have passed sort of
water your calm thoughts on how this all
stuff has gone down but I personally
regret during the red outfit because it
wasn't the right way to express myself
but I was really emotional and
frustrated about how people reacted to
all that kind of stuff even beforehand
so I was just like a bad was just bad
and now it's time to look forward yeah
and sort of it now that you've had a
chance to kind of calm down and relax is
there any way that you would read ress
that situation or anything that you
would say to the European fans who are
kind of frustrated well I think everyone
has their own opinion right now and I
think everything was set okay that's
fair that's fair
all right so back to the all-star event
you are playing with a very different
lineup than what you normally play with
and so it's kind of always fun to see
players compete I get or compete
alongside other players from the region
that they don't normally play with
what's it been like working with the
other four guys on your team well I was
really excited playing with you and
Christine rictus know that not as much
as so us and Rick now because I already
played off them before so I always love
playing with new players
because you learned so much of the
communication how they behave in game
like maybe stuff that other players you
played with beforehand are not doing the
same I guess communication and so on so
it's like I feel like we don't have the
best energy yet as a team but we're all
just having fun and we're just trying to
do as good as we can and represent
Europe as good as we can all right know
that some teams have had the chance to
practice longer than others others were
dealing with like the roster shuffle and
team negotiations and and you know
obviously any team is here but other
teams had to fly here so what kind of
practice has the EU team been able to
get for this we had free mail flix q and
one like free game soft scrims that's
pretty much all of we had because big
nervous in Korea and so us was like
invocation and the freemen had not all
the time yeah we didn't have much time
as well because there's like obviously
contract negotiations and sponsor
meetings and stuff like this so we
actually only had feet like Freeman flex
queue and like one day off screams so
what's kind of well I guess it's kind of
hot yeah do you feel like you guys are
underdogs at this event I get mm I guess
you got I feel like we got the stronger
group so I think we have more rough time
than any but I'm sure we can beat TCL
and what was it LMS I think LMS yeah so
I think if we beat this to be a good to
go very good and okay let's say that we
well actually let's talk a little bit
about the 1v1 tournament what do you
think about the whole 1v1 setup well
it's really new for me because I never
break the set in my entire life there's
always so many like different factors
like vision taking care of jungler stuff
like this right so I'm on one side I'm
really happy of representing the u.s.
also team in the 1b1 because the coach
chose to play us right but at the same
time I'm really nervous because I never
really did this kind of stuff and
I I need Jonah and supporter to middlin
so no I'm I'm joke society I'm happy to
represent them and I think I can do good
have you had any practice because hunter
was telling me that he and Mike were
helping bjergsen practice and what
everyone's backstage so if you had a
chance to get any one of you once in
well I played some against reckless
because he stern on one channel as well
and he's really ambitious of practicing
as well just a little bit hard because
he mainly make sure I shouldn't say
anything okay I shouldn't say anything
about like I was about to say question
mark well now we'll find out someday why
it's really hard I probably have to do
with champion picks but who knows could
be anything
all right so besides the old servant
when wind should we expect to see you
back on American soil and getting ready
for next year it's still everything
really secret and top secret on the
books but it's hard for me because
everybody talks so openly about this
stuff and then I do an interview and I'm
like not allowed to talk about it's kind
of funny yeah it's funny for me too yeah
okay
so we'll see is a good way to pin it
maybe yeah see we'll see
well you're the way power of evil is
there anything that you would like to
say to any of the fans out there from
any of the regions that you may or may
not be playing in in the future but I'm
really looking forward to everything
that will come in the next weeks and
months very good well thank you so much
for the interview looking forward to the
rest of your all-star performance and
for everyone else you can check out the
rest my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel